improve 'our git flow' + minor tweaks in README (#1399)
sparkletown/sparkle: README.md

const STRIPE_ENDPOINT_KEY = `${YOUR_LOCAL_SIGNING_SECRET_KEY}`;
```

## Our Git flow

If you're new to Git / GitHub flows, then you may find these guides helpful:

- https://guides.github.com/introduction/git-handbook/
- https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/
- https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/

To contribute to the code base, please follow these steps:

- fork the repository (note: Sparkle team skip this step)
- create a new branch from `staging`
- write your code
- create a pull request to merge your branch into `staging`
- wait for code review
- fix any review comments
- once the review has been finalised, a team member will **squash-merge** the PR into `staging`, which will trigger the CI to deploy the `staging` environment

Then, to deploy to `production`:

- (a Sparkle team member will) create a PR to **merge staging into `master`** with a name such as **`deploy staging -> master`**
- add the `🚀 deployment` label
- copy the commit messages (including the `#1234` PR they were made in) and paste it into the PR description after `Deploys:` (see [example](https://github.com/sparkletown/sparkle/pull/1355))

> - **merge (not squash-merge)** this 'deployment PR' into `master`, this will trigger the CI system to deploy to the 'OG `production`' evironment

Author: I think OG literally stands for ‘original gangsta’. Sort of slang for ‘the original one’, at least, that’s how I tend to use it.

Related to our first production environment, before we added all of our other production environments.

> - **merge (not squash-merge)** this 'deployment PR' into `master`, this will trigger the CI system to deploy to the 'OG `production`' evironment

Author: ```suggestion
- **merge (not squash-merge)** this 'deployment PR' into `master`, this will trigger the CI system to deploy to the '[OG](https://www.dictionary.com/e/slang/og/) `production`' environment
```
